[docs] Sync Directory structure of P4tools (#4516)
p4lang/p4c: backends/p4tools/README.md

```
p4tools

>  ├─ cmake            ── Common CMake modules
>  ├─ common           ── C++ source: common code for the various components P4Tools.
>  │  └─ compiler      ── 
>  │  └─ control_plane ── 
>  │  └─ core          ── core functionality of the submodule.
>  │  └─ lib           ── supporting data structures for P4Tools modules.  
>  └─  modules         ── P4Tools extensions.
>     └─ testgen       ── C++ source: P4Testgen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ├─ cmake            ── common P4Tools CMake modules.
 ├─ common           ── common code for the various P4Tools modules.
 │  └─ compiler      ── transformation passes for P4 code.
 │  └─ control_plane ── code concerning P4Tool's control plane semantics.
 │  └─ core          ── definitions for core parts of the P4Tools modules.
 │  └─ lib           ── helper functions and utilities for P4Tools modules.  
 └─  modules         ── P4Tools extensions.
    └─ testgen       ── P4Testgen: a test-case generator for P4 programs.
```
